Skip to content
Mainpot
Local mode
Sign in
Start a game

OPEN SOURCE · MIT LICENSED

Your game. Your server. Your data.

Mainpot can run privately in one browser, as a complete local stack, or as a shared deployment connected to infrastructure you control.

Self-hosting gives you control over where the application and game records live. It also makes you responsible for security, availability, backups, and upgrades when other people depend on the instance.

View the source
Technical setup guide

MAINPOT STACK

One application, three deployment models

MIT
Web application
Next.js 16 · Node.js 22+
Shared data
PostgreSQL · Supabase Realtime
Identity
Supabase Auth · anonymous rooms supported
Payments
Calculated only · never processed
Deployment options
Quick start
Common questions

CHOOSE A MODEL

Start with the amount of infrastructure you actually need.

All three options use the same Mainpot interface. The difference is where data is stored and whether the game can synchronize across devices.

01

SIMPLEST

Single-browser mode

Run only the web app with no Supabase variables. Games stay in that browser’s local storage, so there is no account system or cross-device sync.

Requires
Node.js 22+
Start with
npm run dev:app
02

FULLY LOCAL

Local full stack

Run Mainpot with the bundled Supabase development stack for PostgreSQL, authentication, Realtime, and a local email inbox.

Requires
Node.js 22+ and Docker
Start with
npm run dev
03

SHARED INSTANCE

Your own deployment

Host the Next.js application and connect it to a Supabase project you control for accounts, shared rooms, and live multi-device updates.

Requires
A Node host and Supabase
Start with
Follow the production guide

WHAT RUNS WHERE

A small stack with clear boundaries.

Mainpot’s web layer renders the room and settlement workflow. Supabase provides shared persistence, identity, authorization, and live updates. Payment transfers stay outside the application.

In single-browser mode, local storage replaces the shared data layer. That is useful for a private test or one-device game, but it is not a server deployment.

Players

Phones and browsers

Mainpot

Next.js web application

Data layer

Supabase or local storage

$

Mainpot calculates who should pay whom. The actual payment happens separately using whatever method the table chooses.

LOCAL QUICK START

Clone, install, run.

The default development command starts both the application and its local Supabase services. The first run downloads the required container images and applies the database migrations.

git clone https://github.com/AnuragGowda/mainpot.git
cd mainpot
npm install
npm run dev

On macOS, the project uses OrbStack. Other platforms can use a compatible Docker runtime. No hosted Supabase account is required for the local stack.

PRODUCTION REALITY

Control comes with operational work.

Use a production Supabase project or a hardened PostgreSQL and Supabase deployment.

Link the production Supabase project, run `npx supabase db push`, then verify row-level security policies.

Serve the application over HTTPS and configure authentication redirects for its real domain.

Back up the database, monitor the health endpoint, and plan how updates will be applied.

Keep service-role credentials out of the browser and separate production from development.

Do not expose the bundled local Supabase development stack directly to the public internet.

QUESTIONS

Self-hosting, without the fine print hidden.
Is Mainpot free and open source?
+

Yes. Mainpot is published under the MIT License. You can inspect, run, modify, and deploy the source subject to that license.

Can Mainpot run without Supabase?
+
Is Docker required to self-host Mainpot?
+
Can I run Mainpot on a home server?
+
Does a self-hosted instance process poker payments?
+
Is the bundled local stack ready to expose to the internet?
+

READY TO INSPECT THE STACK?

The source and full deployment guide are public.

Review the code, license, database migrations, and production checklist before deciding how you want to run Mainpot.

Open the setup guide

Built for home games.

© 2026 Mainpot contributors · Open source under the MIT License · Hosted or self-hosted.

Self-host
Feedback
Terms
Privacy
Open source